>> Jerome Hardaway: Now we're going to get
into something that's not as code heavy
but still important in your career,
which is your LinkedIn and energizing it.
LinkedIn, first,
almost has a lot of resources for
those who are either just
getting out of college or
getting in school for
their premiums, as well as veterans.
I definitely recommend you
take advantage of that stuff.
And without further ado,
we're gonna start there.
>> Jerome Hardaway: So,
I'm gonna go ahead and
show you live all
the parts of the profile.
So you have your header.
One thing I did that I would do
differently here, if you're a header or
you're a banner, I wouldn't have my
face there twice like a superhero.
But we are here now,
it's kinda weird like, what a narcissist?
But it's not, yeah,
don't hate on me, it's cool.
But, [LAUGH] so you have your banner,
use that banner as a pitch,
sell what you do.
Your profile, always nice,
happy profile picture.
Now, people don't like people that scout,
I had one.
My favorite veteran, Adrian Grim,
he had a profile picture that I asked him,
I was like,
do you have a picture of you smiling?
And he was like, that is me smiling.
And I was like, boy,
we are here for a very long time.
[LAUGH] So that's one thing.
Now you see, everywhere that I
can edit has a pencil at it.
I can add my language that I prefer,
my public profile.
You get the option to change
your profile URL on LinkedIn to
match closer to your name or
anything of that nature.
I have mines, like I said,
I'm boring, Jerome Hardaway.
Keep it professional.
That way you don't have to, no one has
a second, yes, just type in your name.
>> Jerome Hardaway: Here,
have my settings, first name,
my last name, pronouns.
Now you can write with AI,
you can post that in, press the button.
>> Jerome Hardaway: They sit there, they
show you option 2, option 3, option 4.
I can revert it back to what
I had cuz I like mine better.
Shows current positions,
education, location,
everything you wanna do,
you can also add a custom button, right?
You edit your contact info, and
you can edit your custom button.
Let's say you want it right here,
visit my website.
You showcase this at your
portfolio right here, and
it'll display on your post,
your messages, and in the search results.
>> Jerome Hardaway: You can also
turn it into a link, if you prefer.
>> Jerome Hardaway: So I call this
the header space, and you can, right here.
Now, there's a huge debate going on.
It's currently about whether
you should use the open to
work component when it comes
to searching on LinkedIn.
The data shows, yes, doesn't really
matter how people feel and think.
People who the data is stored internally
from LinkedIn showcases the people
who use open the to work, get jobs,
which means you should be using it.
If you're in the market and you're
trying to get work, I would never let
the opinion of how people might feel like,
this feels desperate or
something like that, externally stop
you from open on using a tool that
lets people signal that, hey,
yo, recruiters, hit me up, right?
Especially since there's so much talent
out here, you have to be open and
let people know that you are open,
that you're open to work.
For a time, I had it on myself just so
I can ease the stigma for my troops.
So I had open to work, even though
I absolutely was not looking for
anything, and having people ping me.
I'm like, no, I'm just putting on so
people won't feel like jerks.
Also, you can verify who
you are with LinkedIn now.
So I have this nice little
silver verify badge.
So in case somebody decides,
for any reason,
I don't know why they don't wanna be me,
but they wanna be me on LinkedIn,
of all places, catfishes drum on LinkedIn,
cuz that's the place to do it.
[LAUGH] I can be like,
no, look at the badge,
that's not me, this is me, right?
You can also add profile
sections from here.
You can have your core where you add your
education, your positions, services.
You can add a career break for
those who have had career breaks,
you can add skills, also recommended
areas, and additional areas up here.
You can add test scores,
patents, honors, and awards.
I've never seen anyone add
a test score on LinkedIn.
I would not recommend you adding a test
score unless you scored high and
you are a Mensa, or something like that.
I wouldn't do that, that's kinda weird.
But definitely, add your volunteer
experience and your publications.
If you have patents,
add on them, that's super cool.
I wanna patent one day,
that's on my list of things to do,
cuz I haven't done it yet.
So let's get it back.
Yeah, those are the steps you visit,
make sure you have your button
once they visit your website.
And here no more.
Once you flush out your startup
portfolio on your LinkedIn,
this is one of my favorite
features that I get to do.
I get to save my LinkedIn as a PDF.
Now I usually have my troops
do this first on LinkedIn,
and then they save as a PDF, and
then we go through that PDF,
and we make their resume from it.
If you're keeping up and
cleaning up your LinkedIn,
that is the cheat code
to make your resume.
Is go ahead, go to More,
get your Save As PDF, your profile, and
start ripping things out of LinkedIn and
manicuring them,
adding them to your resume.
That gives you a very quick head start.
Of course, now you get the things
that are private to your analytics,
how many times you've been searched, how
many impressions you get the past 7 days,
they show you how many profile views.
I don't know why people keep looking at my
profile, I'm not out there in the market,
it's kinda wild.
Every week I check this,
and every week I'm like,
people are actually listening
to what I'm saying.
So I just guess I need to talk to people,
right?
You have your resources,
your network, as well as saved items.
Show all four resources, your network,
personal demographic information,
activity, and saved items that you would
have, where you can keep track of jobs,
searches, and articles.
Definitely recommend,
you go on a job hunt, do that,
that helps you start with your
data on the LinkedIn site.
Now, you have your about.
As you see,
my about is about two paragraphs, right?
I always try to keep it
within two paragraphs, but
I was gonna try to make it engaging,
right?
This is a funnel,
a part of your funnel for depth.
Well, if someone gets here on LinkedIn,
same thing when someone gets on GitHub,
they're gonna be taking their time.
So this is a HR manager has said,
you're a good fit resource.
So you need to put in more time that
you would put in for your resume.
Cuz your resume, you're really
trying to fight just the ATS, right?
Your adversaries on the resume is workday,
right?
When you're here,
the person that you're thinking about is,
the developer team, you wanna go deep,
more in depth with your work on here.
Maybe another hiring manager just
after you've got a good look or
an engineering manager, right?
So this is where you start
showcasing more of you,
more of your personality.
I have my top skills right here,
I think they picked my top skills.
And it's super cool that LinkedIn
decided that I was good enough at RAG.
I'm like, wow, that's cool.
I've used RAG,
I've done two RAG agent apps in my career.
So that's kinda wild.
But it's like, hey, yo,
you've done enough, this is cool.
Top skills, Azure AI services,
I do use that, Git, I use it everyday.
LLM embeddings, use that everyday for past
two years, trying to learn more of that.
Python is pretty good,
it showcases those skills.
They show your top skills,
your endorsements,
and where you use those,
where I've used Git, and
where I've used Azure AI services,
or I use LLM embeddings, right?
And I think that's where,
cuz of my certifications,
when we talked about certifications
earlier, because I did those courses.
And I did LLM embeddings before
I added it as part of my skills.
>> Student: I see that you
wrote you're about me,
I think in the third person
as opposed to first person.
Do you generally recommend, or
do you have a reason why you
don't do it in the first person?
>> Jerome Hardaway: I tend to always
write things in the third person,
I don't have a reason for that.
I mean, especially when you're trying to,
it just feels easier to sell yourself when
you're writing in a third person
versus in the first person.
You're like, yo, I'm that man,
I'm that guy, I'm him, right?
Two fingers in the air,
you just want Super Bowl,
whatever number it is now, right?
That feel kinda weird, but when you're
liking to third person, it feels a little
more, you put some distance between you
guys, less ego, more professional, right?
You can think.
It's a great exercise,
it helps people frame it.
Now, featured, this is where
you want your projects, right?
This feature component is very
underutilized, but it's very important.
Even if you're new, you should still
be putting things in your feature.
If you don't have things in your
feature that you can put in here,
you need to be building things
in your feature, right?
This shows your story, right?
This is like your brag document, right?
This part right here,
it lets people know that,
this person is doing things,
they're building things.
And this is what you want,
you want to be able to showcase that.
Even if you're not the person, even if
you're not trying to be, [LAUGH] I've
been called a micro-influencer,
I don't know the term, I'm just a dude.
Even if you're not trying to be more
out there and do more public work,
your projects,
they should still be featured, right?
Any open source work should
definitely be featured.
If you're part of a user group and
you lead that user group,
especially on junior levels,
we need more people on entry levels and
stuff participate in these user groups so
people can feed into these and
grow their communities.
Don't hesitate, yeah,
put that in your feature.